Steps remaining on the first pass:

1.  (future) Evaluate any expressions

This will be useful, but is not necessary for initial functionality.  I will
revisit this later if I feel that it is needed.  It will likely be a simple
implementation of the shunting yard algorithm.  I think it will be simpler to
keep this separate from any other parser that is used for the assembly code.
This is more a pre-processor, and therefore can be extracted out and even be
optional.

2.  Determine byte size of all tokens

This is needed so that the list file can be written, which is a critical
component of a 2-pass assembler.  I need to know how much space is taken up by
each line of tokens so that I can advance the location counter correctly.

I will need to write a parser for the tokens that have already been tokenized.
This will be a simple, hand-written parser, rather than one generated with an
LR parser-generator.  There are really only a handful of patterns that need to
be detected, so I think that I should be able to do this by hand without too
much difficulty.  This may lead me to redesign the tokenizer  such that it can
tell the difference between the definition of a symbol versus the usage of it.
Right now, those are one and the same, and I'm not sure that it will cut it.
However, I think the parser could probably handle this on its own, seeing as a
symbol definition is always followed by a colon or equals sign.  It feels more
like parsing than tokenizing.

I don't know if a parser will be needed for more than just byte size
determination, but I suspect it will.

3.  Update the location counter

This is needed, but is really just the culmination of the previous step, but
must be done once it is known how far to advance it.

4.  Write out line to listing file

This could be considered halfway done, because I am currently writing out a
listing file without the location counter on the right.  However, this will
need to be done.  Furthermore, it will need to be done in a machine readable
way because reading the listing file will be required for the second pass of
the assembler.

5.  Probably other stuff

This is a placeholder for anything that I forgot
